DOCS.md, before:

# DOCS

## HTML / CSS

### Official Doc

> Mozilla Reference for HTML.
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML

> Mozilla Reference for CSS.
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

### Videos

> CSS Positions in 9 Minutes
> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx5jmI0UlXU&list=PLe78G5eYh2v_kDZOf1OZVICngCiydzb-R&index=10

***


## JS / TS

### Official Doc

> A Re-Introduction to Javascript.
>
> Overview of the Javascript language, with up to date integration of newer features (i.e. asynchronous function, classes etc...)
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Language_Overview

> Official Typescript Website
> - https://www.typescriptlang.org/

### Videos

> Very short Video on Typescript Basics
> - https://youtu.be/ahCwqrYpIuM

> Full Typescript Playlist (FR)
> - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjwdMgw5TTLX1tQ1qDNHTsy_lrkCt4VW3

***


## React

### Official Doc

> Official documentation for React.
> - https://en.reactjs.org/

> Beta Version with more up to date and best practices material. Better first step tutorial than the official.
> - https://beta.reactjs.org/

***


## NestJS

### Official Doc

> Official documentation for NestJS.
> - https://nestjs.com/

### Videos

> Very thorough video guide to build a REST API using NestJS, focuses primarily on authentication and Prisma integration
> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHTA143_b-s

> Youtube Playlist for building complete app with NestJS & React. Good way to approach every part of the project but not very thorough, more of a live coding style video.
> - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLs1waz0ZKTGP_e-dgbhjP1oTOuFZdLwUy

### Tutorial

> Simple Tutorial on how to start building a NestJS project from scratch (FR)
> - https://dev.to/webeleon/0-nest-js-from-scratch-20b1

***


## Database

### Prisma

> Official Doc for Prisma (ORM)
> - https://www.prisma.io/docs/

> Official NestJS Documentation page on Prisma integration in NestJS.
> - https://docs.nestjs.com/recipes/prisma

***


## Other Library
***

Commit message:

DOCS.md: added 'other doc' section
Added 'other doc' section under JS/TS in DOCS.md.
Added link to an article about the behavior of 'this' in JS

DOCS.md, after:

# DOCS

## HTML / CSS

### Official Doc

> Mozilla Reference for HTML.
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML

> Mozilla Reference for CSS.
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

### Videos

> CSS Positions in 9 Minutes
> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx5jmI0UlXU&list=PLe78G5eYh2v_kDZOf1OZVICngCiydzb-R&index=10

***


## JS / TS

### Official Doc

> A Re-Introduction to Javascript.
>
> Overview of the Javascript language, with up to date integration of newer features (i.e. asynchronous function, classes etc...)
> - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Language_Overview

> Official Typescript Website
> - https://www.typescriptlang.org/

### Videos

> Very short Video on Typescript Basics
> - https://youtu.be/ahCwqrYpIuM

> Full Typescript Playlist (FR)
> - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjwdMgw5TTLX1tQ1qDNHTsy_lrkCt4VW3

### Other doc

> Understanding Javascript function invocation and "this". A must-read, `this` keyword in js is very confusing this helped a bit
> - https://yehudakatz.com/2011/08/11/understanding-javascript-function-invocation-and-this/

***


## React

### Official Doc

> Official documentation for React.
> - https://en.reactjs.org/

> Beta Version with more up to date and best practices material. Better first step tutorial than the official.
> - https://beta.reactjs.org/

***


## NestJS

### Official Doc

> Official documentation for NestJS.
> - https://nestjs.com/

### Videos

> Very thorough video guide to build a REST API using NestJS, focuses primarily on authentication and Prisma integration
> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHTA143_b-s

> Youtube Playlist for building complete app with NestJS & React. Good way to approach every part of the project but not very thorough, more of a live coding style video.
> - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLs1waz0ZKTGP_e-dgbhjP1oTOuFZdLwUy

### Tutorial

> Simple Tutorial on how to start building a NestJS project from scratch (FR)
> - https://dev.to/webeleon/0-nest-js-from-scratch-20b1

***


## Database

### Prisma

> Official Doc for Prisma (ORM)
> - https://www.prisma.io/docs/

> Official NestJS Documentation page on Prisma integration in NestJS.
> - https://docs.nestjs.com/recipes/prisma

***


## Other Library
***
